README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="./logo.png" width="150" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  Komodo RPC Library for modern JavaScript
</p>

<div align="center">

[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/particle4dev/komodo-rpc-lib.svg)](https://david-dm.org/particle4dev/komodo-rpc-lib)
[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/particle4dev/komodo-rpc-lib/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/particle4dev/komodo-rpc-lib#info=devDependencies)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/particle4dev/komodo-rpc-lib/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/particle4dev/komodo-rpc-lib?branch=master)
[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/particle4dev/komodo-rpc-lib.svg)](https://github.com/particle4dev/komodo-rpc-lib/issues)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/particle4dev/komodo-rpc-lib.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/particle4dev/komodo-rpc-lib)

</div>

## Examples

-   [Start KMDice chain](examples/start-kmdice.js)
-   [Start mutil chain](examples/start-mutil-chain.js)
-   [Start a chain and call RPC](examples/start-mutil-chain.js)
-   [Start a chain and read its config](examples/read-config.js)
-   [Start a chain with log options](examples/start-chain-with-log.js)

## Documentation

## [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md)

Commit message:

publish-package-to-npm (#29)
review and merge

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="./logo.png" width="150" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  Komodo RPC Library for modern JavaScript
</p>

<div align="center">

[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/particle4dev/komodo-rpc-lib.svg)](https://david-dm.org/particle4dev/komodo-rpc-lib)
[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/particle4dev/komodo-rpc-lib/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/particle4dev/komodo-rpc-lib#info=devDependencies)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/particle4dev/komodo-rpc-lib/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/particle4dev/komodo-rpc-lib?branch=master)
[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/particle4dev/komodo-rpc-lib.svg)](https://github.com/particle4dev/komodo-rpc-lib/issues)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/particle4dev/komodo-rpc-lib.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/particle4dev/komodo-rpc-lib)
[![NPM version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/kmd-rpc.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/kmd-rpc)

</div>

**This package doesn't include [Komodo Binary](https://github.com/KomodoPlatform/komodo/releases) because of security reason. Please setup [Komodo Binary](https://github.com/KomodoPlatform/komodo/releases) in your local first before run this package.**

## Examples

-   [Basic example](examples/basic)
-   [Start KMDice chain](examples/start-kmdice.js)
-   [Start mutil chain](examples/start-mutil-chain.js)
-   [Start a chain and call RPC](examples/start-mutil-chain.js)
-   [Start a chain and read its config](examples/read-config.js)
-   [Start a chain with log options](examples/start-chain-with-log.js)

## Documentation

## [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md)
